[async 6/7] Switch to async SQLAlchemy end-to-end (#480)
discord/access: README.md

- `OKTA_DOMAIN`: Specifies the [Okta](https://okta.com) domain to use.
- `OKTA_API_TOKEN`: Specifies the [Okta](https://okta.com) [API Token](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/ApiToken/) to use.

> - `DATABASE_URI`: Specifies the Database connection URI. **Example:** `postgresql://<POSTGRES_USER>:<POSTGRES_PASSWORD>@postgres:5432/<DB_NAME>`. The app runs on async SQLAlchemy: `postgresql://` (and legacy `postgresql+pg8000://`) URIs are normalized to the `asyncpg` driver, `sqlite://` to `aiosqlite`. Note that asyncpg does not accept `sslmode=` URL parameters (use `ssl=`), and deployments behind transaction-mode PgBouncer should disable asyncpg's prepared-statement cache (`statement_cache_size=0`).

Reviewer: If the `sslmode`->`ssl` translation suggested on `api/database.py` is accepted, this note becomes inaccurate: `sslmode=` would then be supported (translated to asyncpg's `ssl=`). Suggested revision (pairs with that change):

```suggestion
- `DATABASE_URI`: Specifies the Database connection URI. **Example:** `postgresql://<POSTGRES_USER>:<POSTGRES_PASSWORD>@postgres:5432/<DB_NAME>`. The app runs on async SQLAlchemy: `postgresql://` (and legacy `postgresql+pg8000://`) URIs are normalized to the `asyncpg` driver, `sqlite://` to `aiosqlite`. libpq-style `sslmode=` parameters are translated to asyncpg's `ssl=` connect arg; `verify-ca`/`verify-full` require `sslrootcert` (and, for mutual TLS, `sslcert`/`sslkey`). Deployments behind transaction-mode PgBouncer should disable asyncpg's prepared-statement cache (`statement_cache_size=0`).
```

If the code suggestion is not taken, leave this note as-is.

Author: Done in 820296f — updated the note to reflect the translation. It now states that libpq `sslmode=` params are translated to asyncpg's `ssl=` connect arg, that `verify-ca`/`verify-full` require `sslrootcert` (plus `sslcert`/`sslkey` for mutual TLS), and flags `statement_cache_size=0` for deployments behind transaction-mode PgBouncer.

🤖 Posted by Claude Code
